Have you had boyfriends in the past?
I have had a boyfriend.
Well, I've had two boyfriends.
I had one at school, in junior school.
And I had a boyfriend before coming over here.
Do you feel comfortable to tell us a little bit about...
I still to this day really like this person that I went out with.
I worked with him in a workshop.
But the unfortunate thing is that my parents don't like him at all.
I don't know why.
They've just got something against him.
And we are still in touch.
Although my parents aren't very happy about it.
We are still talking.
Which I really like, but it's not...
We're not talking enough.
And I would like for him to come over here.
But again, my parents find out and I'll have my head chopped off.
So you don't know why your parents don't approve?
No.
And how long were you together?
We were together for two years.
And I was very, very happy.
It's just my parents didn't approve.
And it took me a long time to get over him.
To the point where I wasn't eating.
I didn't want to see anyone.
I just wanted to be on my own.
I was crying every night.
But I suppose that's how life is.
And life goes on.
Must have been hard.
Very, very hard.